hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2015 comedy film daddy's home
so let's get started
radio executive Brad Whitaker after
months of struggling to grow closer to
his wife Sierra's children finally finds
himself in the fatherly role during a
phone call from Sarah's former husband
dusty Mayron who discovers Sarah's
marriage to Brad it is announced he will
be visiting the next day Brad is
convinced that it is important for the
children that their father and
stepfather established boundaries with
each other when dusty arrives Brad is
intimidated by his appearance during
dusty stay it is clear that he intends
to drive Brad out of Sarah's and the
kids lives
however he continually charms Brad and
letting him stay after multiple
instances of dusty showing Brad up Brad
realizes what Dusty's motives are the
two months seemed to reach an
understanding after working together to
teach their son a lesson
additionally Brad and Sarah learned that
they may have hope of having a child
together
Brad his son when dusty reveals it he
still intends to drive Brad out of the
family desperate Brad spends tens of
thousands of dollars on early Christmas
gifts including seats to a basketball
game at the game dusty reveals himself
to be friends with the coach and an
enraged Brad begins drinking heavily and
goes on a rant about dusty this leads
Brad to moving out of the house forcing
dusty to step up as a dad dusty becomes
overwhelmed being a full-time father he
decides to quit and to leave on the day
of a father-daughter dance Brad is
convinced to try to get dusty to stay
and they both go to the dance
there Fred and Sarah reconcile and dusty
decides to code out the kids with breath
and the ending scene it has shown that
Brad and Sarah have a baby dusty has
moved across the street remarried and
became a stepfather himself so that was
the spoilers for daddy's home if you
have a film you'd like to see me spoil
please let me know in the comments below
and check out my whisper alerts on the
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching